[Music]
thank you
in this quick tip we're going to talk
about after effects and dynamic linking
if you're unfamiliar with after effects
or dynamic linking your comps from after
effects to Premiere I'm going to show
you a couple of quick tips and tricks
for making that happen in your own
projects so first let's talk about how
to get your footage from Premiere into
After Effects there are a couple of
different ways that you can do it the
first is you can simply select your
footage from your timeline like right
here click on a clip right click and say
replace with After Effects composition
now I have in my timeline here a little
title sequence for a movie called acorns
in the city these are the acorns and
they are in the city now I want to take
all of these things the title The acorns
and the city clip and send them to After
Effects but I've got this all nicely cut
up into Premiere so before I do it I'm
going to go ahead and grab all of them
and duplicate them holding option
I'm going to duplicate them up on my
timeline because when I replace them
with an After Effects clip it's going to
replace all three of them and flatten
them down so this will make sure that I
have a copy of the clips that were
previously sent to after effects in my
Premiere timeline
let me go ahead and right click these
three clips and say replace with After
Effects composition
now after effects was already open
and so what happened is Premiere sent
this over and it launched those clips
into after effects for me
you can see here I have the text
I have the acorns
and I have the city
now when I hop back to Premiere you can
see I have that linked comp right here
in my timeline it also created a clip in
my bin and just to be organized I'm
going to put that in its own bin here
for Linked comps
now if you have been working in After
Effects already like I have before I
started recording this tutorial I've
already got some clips in here that I
did some work on and I did not bring
them in from Premiere let me just
organize this briefly
and I'm going to show you the two comps
that I have I have one called drag me to
Premiere and that's just this clip of
this girl walking in a meadow and I have
a lower third name for her which I will
eventually get from the client
and I also have this that says import me
into Premiere that's just some horses
and they also need a lower third as well
so there's two different ways that we
can do this the first is I can simply
drag this into Premiere so I'm going to
move after effects over just a little
bit here
I'm going to click on this comp I'm
going to drag it directly into my bin
and into my folder
that's going to bring this right into
Premiere and I can drag it from the bin
into my timeline here
and look at that I have a clip that's
been dragged from After Effects into
premiere now the next thing that I can
do is I can import it I'm going to go to
my Media Browser here
browse to that folder
open up my After Effects project
open up my comps folder and choose the
import one
I'm going to go ahead and take this from
Media Browser right click and choose
import
that will import it into the bin that I
had selected and I can drag it from the
bin into my timeline here
and there we go we have the horses now
now a couple of notes about how this
process works so I'm going to hop back
to After Effects here
I'll have one more comp in here called
demo comp one let me open that up for
you I just took the rocket yard logo
here I did some kind of cool animation
added some grain some shallow depth of
field a lens flare and then just a
little outro now the end of this is
pretty nice it's pretty simple I can
just play it back really quickly
so that renders really fast however the
beginning with all of that blurring the
lens flare and the grain renders really
slowly
in my version of After Effects I have a
tool that tells me how long each layer
takes to render and this layer right
here takes a pretty long amount of time
so if I were to bring in this demo comp
into Premiere let me just drag it in
and I'll bring this into my timeline
here
this will take a long time to render out
if I play it back in premiere
so it kind of gets stuck there and
doesn't keep playing because it can only
render so many frames before it had to
kind of give up so what I've done
instead is back in After Effects I've
taken this comp and I've sent it to my
render queue
I'm going to use a prores 422 output
give it an output destination and then
render it out
once I'm done rendering it out I've gone
ahead and imported it here into Premiere
and I've dragged it into my timeline now
when I play this back it plays back nice
and smooth
now here's the cool thing about this you
can actually take this clip right click
on it and say edit original this will
open up after effects and take me back
to the original comp in After Effects
that was used to create it you might get
this warning which just says that the
item in your render queue that was used
to create this footage has been deleted
and that's totally okay just click OK
and it will take you back to your comp
right where you left off now there's one
more quick tip I want to show you about
Dynamic linking and after effects let me
go ahead and make a new comp here and I
know that the graphic that I have to
make is going to be a motion graphic and
it's a chart
and I know that in my timeline it takes
five seconds so now I have a five second
comp here with nothing inside of it
I'll just make a new text layer and I'll
just say
chart Graphics here this is just so I
know what this is
now I want to bring in some footage from
my Premiere sequence I'm going to tab
back over to premiere
I'm going to grab a clip like this city
clip right here just make a copy of it
in the back of my timeline and make it
much longer
okay so I have a very long clip of a
city
and I want to put this in the background
of my chart so I'm going to go ahead and
just select it
right click and choose copy
I'm going to tab back over to After
Effects and I'm going to push command or
control V for paste
now you can see that I've actually
copied and pasted that original City
layer into my comp here there's a couple
of things to watch out for here first it
pasted that City at the very spot in
time where it was copied from in
Premiere let me just zoom out of my comp
here
look it's all the way back here at the
42nd mark
it also made the comp much longer way
longer than the five seconds I
originally intended so I could remember
to Simply take it from the back of my
comp
drag it to the beginning make sure to
move it down to the bottom so that my
little note is still up here
then go to that five second mark
push n to trim my comp and then right
click here in the work area and say trim
comp to work area this will make it a
five second comp again
but that's a lot of clicks to just do
one thing so let me go ahead and just
undo all of that including the pasting
I'm going to tab back over to Premiere
now here's a trick that I like to use
when I have to copy an item from much
later in my timeline and paste it into
an After Effects comp so what I do is I
select the item in my timeline right
click choose copy then I push the home
key I make sure that my track patching
is on a track with nothing on it so look
video six here
and then I paste it onto that track
just like that now it's at the very
beginning of my timeline now I go ahead
and right click and choose cut or
command or control X
when I tab back over to After Effects
and I paste it it will be at the
beginning of my comp but there's nothing
I can do about after effects extending
the length of my comp to match the
length of the footage
so you do have to remember to go to the
end of whatever clip you were using to
guide the length of your comp by pushing
o
then you can push n then you can push n
to bring the work area to your playhead
and then right click and choose trim
comp to work area now one more thing you
might be noticing if you're familiar
with After Effects here
when I pasted this city clip it brought
it in as a pre-comp
and inside of that pre-comp is the
entire clip
now I don't necessarily want this to be
a pre-comp and it wouldn't be a huge
issue to Simply go over here right click
say reveal layer Source in Project
find it here in the bin find the
original footage that came in with it
then hold option or alt and drag it to
replace it
but you can see what happened here is
that the pre-comp was scaled to 100
percent and when I push s for scale here
this clip is now twice as large that's
because this clip is actually 4K in size
which is much larger than the size of my
comp in After Effects so I'm going to
have to scale it down to 50 percent to
fit
now what if I wanted it to come in at 50
percent matching the proper scaling to
fit my comp as it does in Premiere well
let me go ahead and just undo all of
this I'm going to undo the pasting of
this clip as well
hop back over to premiere then come over
to this clip so if I right click on this
clip here in my Premiere timeline this
clip is set to scale to frame size
there's a lot of reasons why you might
or might not use scale to frame size but
that's not for this tutorial instead
make sure it's set to set to frame size
nothing will change in Premiere but if
you come over to your effect controls
you'll see that my scaling is now set to
50 percent because this has been scaled
down to 50 percent to fit my Premier
timeline
I'm going to do the exact same thing I'm
going to go ahead and copy this paste it
on video track six and then cut it and
then paste it over here in After Effects
I'll go ahead and push o with the text
layer selected to go to the end of it
then push n to bring the end of the work
area to my playhead and then right click
and choose trim comp to work area now
you can see that I have my city clip and
when I push s for scale it's 50 percent
and there's only one clip that's been
brought in not a clip and a pre-comp
there's a ton more great information in
this article about other little nuances
to be paying attention to when working
with Dynamic links but as you can see
it's a very powerful tool and it's
amazing to Simply come into After
Effects here create something new like
this blue box on top of my city footage
and then drag that comp into my Premiere
timeline hop back into premiere
put it anywhere in my sequence and
magically we have the clip and the blue
box right there and if I hop back into
after effects
and I decided that blue box should
actually be a green box
it's going to turn green for me almost
instantly when I return to premiere
so it's a very powerful tool that you
can use in your editing right now
between these two programs
[Music]
[Applause]